fix(profiling): fix macOS launch profiling issue (#5144)
getsentry/sentry-cocoa: CHANGELOG.md

- Correctly rate limit envelopes from the new UI profiling system (#5131)
- Race condition in ANRTrackerV1 (#5137)

> - Cross-configuration issue in nonsandboxed macOS apps that would inadvertently run the launch profiler (#5144)

Reviewer: `l`: A bit cleaner, IMO
```suggestion
-  Issue in non-sandboxed macOS apps that could inadvertently run the launch profiler (#5144)
```

Author: Sounds good to me 👍🏻

## 8.21.0

> ![Important]

> > This version introduced an issue for macOS apps that run without a sandbox (i.e. distributed outside the Mac App Store). We recommend upgrading to at least version 8.49.2.

Reviewer: We should also update the GitHub release after merging and releasing this https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa/releases/tag/8.21.0.

Reviewer 2: We should also consider adding a note to the hotfix release changes.
[Internal discussion](https://sentry.slack.com/archives/C08QHFV4W9E/p1745915959876679)

Reviewer 2: Added a note to the unreleased section.
